The owner asked why Žička kartuzija was included, and whether a nearer place
with the same attributes was skipped. The answer to the second half is already
in run two's own report:

  {"proposedName":"Frančiškanski samostan Nazarje","outcome":"unconfirmed",
   "refusalRule":"no-results"}

The model DID propose the near monastery. The sieve dropped it. The distant
one survived. Same category, same kind of place, opposite outcome.

THIS IS THE FINDING OF THE RUN
The sieve does not fail randomly. It fails OUTWARD.

Famous distant landmarks are carefully mapped in OpenStreetMap. Small local
ones often are not, or are recorded under a different name. So every sieve
refusal pushes the guide systematically away from the house the guest is
standing in — which is the opposite of what the guide is for.

Add to the run report, and to the queue:

1 · THE REASON, WHICH WE ALREADY STORE
Each proposal carries the model's one-line reason for inclusion. Show it — in
the report and on every queue row. The owner must be able to ask "why is this
here" and get the tool's answer, not mine.

2 · A NEAREST-ALTERNATIVE CHECK
For every confirmed proposal beyond the near range, report whether any OTHER
proposal in the same category — confirmed or unconfirmed — routes closer. If
one does, name it and give its outcome. That single column answers the owner's
question mechanically: "did it keep the far one and lose the near one?"
For run two, Žička kartuzija must show Frančiškanski samostan Nazarje,
unconfirmed, no-results.

3 · THE UNCONFIRMED LIST IS NOT A FOOTNOTE
It is the list of places the guide LOST, and it is biased toward the nearby.
Group it by category in the report and sort by proximity where a coordinate
was obtained, so the pattern is visible rather than buried in a JSON array.

Run three still waits on the two corrections from my previous instruction:
clear the discouragement list entirely, and anchor the prompt to the origin
with roughly half the proposals inside 20 minutes and none beyond 90.

Report and STOP.